Adding analyzer feedback for `tim-from-marketing` concept exercise (#2754)
exercism/java: exercises/concept/tim-from-marketing/.meta/design.md

- `strings`: strings will be compared to null and basic methods from strings will be called.
- `if-else-statements`: using a conditional statement.

## Analyzer

This exercise could benefit from the following rules in the [analyzer]:

> - `essential`: If the student did not use the `null` expression in the `print` method, instruct the student to do so.

Reviewer: Note that this comment currently would still apply to the example solution you linked to in the PR. 

To be honest I think we can remove this comment completely now that we have the one covering optionals: I don't think there is a way to pass the tests without using either `null` or `java.util.Optional`.

Author: 👍

> - `actionable`: If the solution uses `Optionals` to solve the exercise, encourage the student to try solving it differently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `actionable`: If the solution uses `Optionals` to solve the exercise, encourage the student to try solving it using `null` instead.
```
